So as you can see or here we have a button.
And in our final project you can see that actually we can toggle or hear me.
So now let's have a look how we can actually do this.
So here we have this now single cover.
Now we're going to create a little bit of space.
I'm going to purposely do a little bit wrong because technically I should be applying more here these
properties and values over here.
However I just want you to see the distinction of what we're doing.
And I'm just going to write again from the start here.
So basically what I'm going to say on this.
So first I would want to target Mavericks.
And like I said we already have them over here.
However I'm just going to create it from scratch just so you can see what we're actually doing.
And the first things first what I would want I would want them to disappear off here.
So first I'm going to say we're here right and I'm going to say zero.
So we're going to save it over here and you can see that the links actually disappear.
Or you can see that only in the background disappear you can see the links are still here.
So what we're going to do is overflow and we're going to say that overflow is going to be hit.
So once we saved now actually links generally disappear.
Then again what we would want is a transition and from transition we're going to say two seconds.
And again this would be a linear or something like this.
So what I'm saying is I'm going to click the button they will going to show however they are going to
show within two seconds.
Now how are we going to make them actually show what we're actually going to do is we're going to show
links class.
This is going to be the new Lynx class or you're not going to say or hear height is going to be two
hundred and sixty four.
Now how do I know this is going to be two hundred and sixty four.
So basically I used a Google Developer Tools and while I had ensouled before they were actually height
zero here I just looked at what would be the actual height of my UL of my novels.
So this is how I know this is going to be two hundred sixty pixels.
Now you can have whatever size you want on here but I think the easiest one is actually go and check
before you actually hide them and or here with a heightened Norful and check it out.
What would be the height and then you can just write whatever height you would want and it's going to
be very simple with the javascript.
Only thing I'm going to do is I'm going to have a listener whenever I can I click the button I'm going
to apply here this class to this link sorry.
So let's go ahead or head to the script and we're going to say very simple.
So first we're going to say document here then we know that we have a selector.
So for the click query selector we have a nav on here between.
So this was our actual class that we would want to target.
Now we're going to say add that listener.
Now this is going to be click event listener and I'm going to say that this is going to be a function
show nav.
Right now the only thing left to do is actually create the function.
So I'm going to say here function show now and what we're going to write inside this function.
We're going to say that first we will want to select the links and we would want to target the class.
So we're going to we're going to have a document and we're going to have a query selector then within
a query sort.
And now we will want to select the links.
So now I have to underscore some links.
So now we're targeting the links then we'll have a class list here.
And for the class list we're going to say toggle and what class you do on a dog.
You want to toggle actual show links.
So we're here to underscore.
And this is going to be schillings.
So once we say right now once I'm going to click the button you can see that my links are actually going
to be appearing and they're going to be appearing over here because I added the shoaling squarest.
Now this is actually a good time to see that actually I was wrong because you can see or hear that there's
something wrong with a height where the height is not actually enough.
So first let's go back to the main CSSA here and let's just get rid of this here then.
So let me just hide a note here let me go back over here to my recording refresher here.
And once I click the inspector here and then I'm going to find where's my element.
And within the elements we're going to find that links and you can see that my actual size shouldn't
be 288 because you can see that I have eight hundred fifty seven by 280.
So I'm going to go back on here.
This is going to change this route.
First of all that uncommon does not say we're here and instead of 264 this is actually going to be to
80.
So once I actually press it right now now you can see that I'm going to go back on here and now I'm
going to get my actual knife that I want it.
And this is how we can create or hear this now.
That is actually appearing and disappearing and we're here with a click.
And the last thing that we would want actually do is we would want to set up on the bigger screen a
different layout or so as you can see we're here as I'm changing the screen.
Also my layout is changing.
So here you go this would be actually a flex way out or real like this.
Now we're going to change it to the actual row over here this would be a column.
This is going to be our year.
So let's go ahead and let's actually do that.